Earth Art Pottery Hall Privacy Policy

This app respects and protects the privacy of all users who use the service.

In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, this app will use and disclose your personal 
information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. However, this application will treat this information with a high 
degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, this application will not disclose 
or provide this information to third parties without your prior permission. This app will update this privacy policy from 
time to time. By agreeing to this Application Services Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire content 
of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of this Application Service Agreement.

First, the scope of application

 1. The personal registration information you provide in accordance with the requirements of this application when you 
 register for this application account;

 2. The information on your browser and computer that is automatically received and recorded by the application when you 
 use the application web service or access the web page of the application platform, including but not limited to your IP 
 address, browser type, use Data such as language, date and time of access, hardware and software feature information, 
 and web page records you need;

 3. User personal data obtained by the application from a business partner through legal means.

You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this Privacy Policy:

1. Keyword information that you enter when using the search service provided by this application platform;

2. The relevant information data that you have collected in this application, including but not limited to participation 
activities, transaction information and evaluation details;

3. Violation of the law or violation of this application rule and the measures that this application has taken against you.

Second, the use of information

1. This application does not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, 
unless you have obtained your permission in advance, or the third party and the application (including the application 
affiliate) are either alone or jointly You provide the service, and after the service is over, it will be blocked from 
accessing all of this material that it has previously been able to access.

2. This application does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or distribute your personal information by any means.
Any user of this application platform who engages in the above activities, once found, the application has the right to 
immediately terminate the service agreement with the user.

3. For the purpose of serving the user, the application may provide you with information that you are interested in by 
using your personal information, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing 
information with the application partner so that they can You send information about its products and services (the latter 

requires your prior consent).

Third, information disclosure

In the following circumstances, this application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part according 
to your personal wishes or the law:

1. Disclose to third parties with your prior consent;

2. In order to provide the products and services you request, you must share your personal information with third parties;

3. Disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the relevant provisions of 
the law or the requirements of the administrative or judicial authorities;

4. If you violate the relevant laws and regulations of China or this application service agreement or related rules, 
you need to disclose it to a third party;

5. If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, it should be disclosed to the 
respondent at the request of the complainant so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes;

6. In a transaction created on this application platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially fulfills 
the transaction obligation and requests for information disclosure, the application has the right to decide to provide 
the user with the necessary information such as the contact information of the counterparty. To facilitate the completion 
of the transaction or the resolution of the dispute.

7. Other disclosures that this application considers appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies.

Fourth, information storage and exchange

The information and materials collected by you in this application will be stored on the application and/or the servers 
of its affiliates, which may be transmitted to your country, region or the location where the application collects 
information and materials. It is accessed, stored and displayed outside the country.

Five, the use of cookies

1. In the event that you do not refuse to accept cookies, the app will set or access cookies on your computer so that 
you can log in or use the application services or features that rely on cookies. This app uses cookies to provide you 
with more thoughtful and personalized services, including promotional services.

2. You have the right to choose to accept or decline to accept cookies. You can refuse to accept cookies by modifying 
your browser settings. However, if you choose to refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to log in or use this 
application web service or feature that relies on cookies.

3. This policy will apply to the relevant information obtained through the cookies set in this application.

Sixth, information security

This application account has security protection functions. Please keep your username and password information safe. 
This application will ensure that your information is not lost, not abused or altered, by security measures such as 
encrypting user passwords. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no “perfect
security measures” on the information network.

7. Changes to this Privacy Policy

1. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes in this policy, on our website, and where we 
deem appropriate, so that you can understand how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and 
Under what circumstances we will disclose this information.

2. The company reserves the right to modify this policy at any time, so please check it frequently. In the event of a 
material change to this policy, the Company will notify you by notice on the website.

Please protect your personal information and provide it to others only when necessary. If you find that your personal 
information is leaked, especially if the application username and password are leaked, please contact this application 
customer service immediately so that the application can take corresponding measures. If you have any questions about 
this policy or other related matters, please contact us at tianrengroup2019@163.com
