Terms of use

1 Introduction

Welcome to the Earth Art Pottery Hall! Your use of the product is subject to these terms ("Services" or "Our Services").

Your use of our products is governed by the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use ("Terms"). Please read these terms carefully. You must comply with these terms when using our products and use our products only as permitted by applicable laws and regulations, whenever you use them. You must review these terms to understand how to use our products. If you do not agree to these terms, you may not download or install or otherwise use our products.

2. Contracting entity

By downloading, installing and using our products, you agree to be bound by these terms and the Potter's Pottery Hall.

3. Terms and our services

We may change these terms over time, so please check back to review them.

In addition, as our services and user experience continue to evolve, we may, from time to time (and to the extent permitted by applicable law), add, change or remove features in our Services (including whether the Services are free) (or not), or may be suspended entirely Or terminate the service.

By continuing to use our services after any changes to these terms or our services, you agree to be bound by these revised terms.

4. Intellectual Property Evaluation

Our products are developed by us and are our exclusive property and are protected by domestic and international laws and regulations, international copyright treaties and other applicable laws and regulations. You are not authorized to use our intellectual property unless otherwise expressly stated herein. In particular, you are not authorized to use our trademark or product name, logo, domain name or other unique brand features without our prior written consent. Any comments or suggestions you make to us through any means of our services are entirely voluntary and we will use these opinions and recommendations at our sole discretion without paying any fees or other obligations to you.

You agree not to engage in any conduct that may in any way damage and/or damage our rights in connection with the intellectual property rights referred to herein. We reserve the right to be held accountable for such unauthorized actions and you shall be liable for any and all damages, losses, expenses and expenses incurred in violation of these Terms.

5. The scope of the license

While we continue to own our products, after you accept these terms, you will have certain rights to use our products throughout the time period in which our products are installed on your mobile devices. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you. These terms apply to any version, revision, update or enhancement of the products we may provide to you.

You may install, use, display and operate our products on a personal computer ("Device") for non-commercial purposes only and in accordance with these terms. It is forbidden to install, use, display or operate our products for commercial purposes.

You have the right to receive new features and versions of our products, as we have the discretion to provide such features and versions. In order to optimize our products and provide you with the latest version of our products, you agree that our products can automatically download and install new updates and versions of our products, as we can provide these products at our discretion. You agree to receive and allow us to provide such new updates and versions to your mobile device. In addition, we may modify these terms to reflect such updates and versions, and you agree to the terms of such updates.

You may not copy, modify, decompile, reverse engineer or extract source code from our products unless we do not prohibit you from doing so in accordance with applicable laws or regulations, or you may obtain our prior written consent. If applicable laws or regulations permit you to reverse compile or extract source code from our products, you will first contact us to request the information you need.

6. Suspension and termination

These terms will apply to your use of our products and our services until you or us terminate access to the services.

We may suspend or terminate your access to any or all of our services: (i) if we reasonably believe that you have violated these Terms; (ii) if you use our Services to pose risks to us or other users of our Services, May may file a potential third party claim against us or may damage our reputation; (iii) if you are unable to use our services for a long time; or (iv) for any other reason. We will notify you of any suspension or termination, as far as reasonably practicable.

7. Final explanation

These terms are a complete agreement between you and us regarding our services. You agree that you will not make any claims against us for any statement not expressly stated in these Terms. The invalidity of any provision of these Terms (or part of any provision) does not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or the remainder of that provision). If the court believes that we are unable to enforce any part of these terms, we may replace those terms with similar terms within the scope of enforcement of applicable law without changing the remaining terms of those terms. Any provision to enforce these Terms shall not be delayed and will be construed as waiving any rights under the Terms. Any of the rights and obligations under this clause shall continue to exist by its nature, including but not limited to any obligations relating to liability or compensation (if any) of the parties, which will continue after termination or expiration. effective. These terms.

No one other than you or us has the right to enforce these terms on anyone, and without our consent, you may not entrust, transfer or transfer these terms or any rights or obligations under these Terms by law or otherwise. We may, in whole or in part, transfer, assign or sub-contract these terms or our rights and obligations under these Terms without your prior consent or notice. You acknowledge and agree that our partners or affiliates shall not be liable for any of these terms under any circumstances.

If you have any questions, then you need to contact: tianrengroup2019@163.com.
